TEI’s `@xml:id` is used to create a canonical reference to be used for processing. Since it is not seen by the reader on the front end, its value may be entirely arbitrary, but AEME recommends assigning values that are at least somewhat human readable. This serves as a finding aid and is helpful for anyone re-using the code in the future. The value of an `@xml:id` attribute should be unique within a file. However, it is frequently useful for named entities to have unique values used consistently across the Archive. AEME maintains a named entity file for this purpose. At present, AEME has not fully developed conventions for `@xml:id` values to be used universally. So far, values for persons are prefixed with `bio`, values for places with `loc`, and values for organisations with `org`. For example, `bioGO001` refers to Sharon Goetz (using the first two letters of her surname). These conventions may become more rigorous as content increases in the Archive.

For bibliographical references, the `@xml:id` should be formed from the surname of the author and the date of publication. Ambiguous names can use the author’s initial (e.g. `HorstmannC1873`). Multiple publications from the same year can be indicated with a suffixed number (e.g. `Horstmann1873-1`). Other identifiers (e.g. based on ISBNs or DOIs) may be used of the author-date conventions are not appropriate. The only requirement is that Bibliographical `@xml:id` values must be unique within the file, but, in practice, it should also be unique across the Archive, drawn from a stand-off document. These may be accessed using `@corresp` in a `<ref>` or `<bibl>` element.

Standard TEI P5 practice is to indicate languages by attaching `@xml:lang` to appropriate elements (e.g. `<seg xml:lang="enm">`). AEME follows MESA in requiring the use of language codes from the [ISO 639-2 Language Code List](http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php). The value of `@xml:lang` must be from the first column (ISO 639-2 Code).
